Fixed #35487 -- Removed CASCADE from RemoveField() on PostgreSQL. (#18209)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

Migrations
~~~~~~~~~~

> * The PostgreSQL backend no longer uses ``CASCADE`` when dropping a column.

Reviewer: Ah, I missed that this was in the default backend, and then undone in MySQL/Oracle/SQLite. I think we probably want something more like:

```suggestion
* The base and PostgreSQL database backends no longer use ``CASCADE`` when
  dropping a column.
```

It might also be more suitable under the “Database backends“ heading.

Reviewer 2: This is not a feature, it's a backward incompatibility change in documented behavior. Please move this to the "Backwards incompatible changes in 5.2" section.
